well howdy there people let's bow again
so we're back for part whatever this is
now really did not expect this many
questions okay so can we see the rest of
your shop I know it's not a set so I
want a tour yeah just not right now it's
not exactly what I would call
presentable as a disaster recovery
specialist for a government medical
system what mitigation steps would you
suggest that I add to my dr plan to
mitigate a smoking hole catastrophe I'd
be prepared to work with a lot less
resources than you normally would if
something is going to go down right now
it's going to tax an already tax system
I would be ready to respond with only
your personal resources your your
systems resources what candidate was
your favorite this year I don't have
favorite candidates
I have policies III that and it's not a
Dodge I try not to support individual
candidates support policies and ideas I
think the drive to look for a a
candidate to back is becoming the more
important thing rather than finding the
policies that you agree with what are
Republicans Republicans are killing
Americans Democrats are pretending they
care pretending they're helpless when
they're actually co-conspirators what
are we going to do about it
I don't know how to respond to that
honestly there's a whole lot in this
that I'm not sure that I agree with
there there's the idea that this is and
maybe it's just the way I'm reading it
but it makes it seem intentional and I
don't want to go I don't want to go down
that road I would I would need more more
information about what your meaning here
generally speaking when you're talking
about responding to something especially
government corruption in general I
believe in a diversity of tactics how
does one develop your journalistic the
skillsets I would focus more on writing
producing your final product and it
being accurate if you focus on accuracy
everything else will come you will learn
how to research you will learn how to
interview you learn how to investigate
if your primary objective is to turn out
a piece that is as accurate as possible
do you think the elimination of
political parties combined with serious
campaign finance report reform repeal of
citizens united and the Patriot Act and
strict term limits when I get us closer
to sanity they're good stepping stones
and they're definitely putting us on the
right track I'm new to your platform so
you may have already discussed this but
as a fellow southerner Louisiana with a
BA in communication studies I would love
to hear your perspective on unlearning
the racist sexist undertones of Southern
culture I have done some videos on this
and I will link them I'll try to find
this this video in this giant stream
that's going to be put out
let's see how will how will we ever
remedy all the federal judges Trump has
appointed overtime yeah yeah that's
gonna be a huge delay that's gonna cause
a lot of issues down the line but we
have to hope that they become less
empowered once Trump is out of office
being from a lot further south than
y'all Australia I wonder does the
average American ever consider how they
look in the eyes of the world because at
the moment it's not looking so great
doesn't that bother you you have an
opinion but yeah we don't generally
speaking Americans do not try to put
themselves in anybody else's shoes much
less foreigners gosh it's not something
we did where generally speaking and this
isn't true for everybody it's a huge
generalization but we're a country of
people who are you know we're number one
we're number one and we've been told
that so long that we believe the
mythology we're a nation that in many of
our schools the maps have our continent
centered in it and literally cut the
other continents in half at the edges of
the paper just because it's not it's not
as important that that's what we're
dealing with here so I don't think that
it's a common thing for Americans to
look at themselves through other
people's eyes
we should out of all of our current
newsmen we have nowadays you are one of
the closest we have the hunter s
Thompson a gonzo journalist that's a
huge compliment if if you don't know my
opinion of him yeah thank you who were
some journalists you would recommend I
recommend journalists based on their
current work not their their past work
I think it's important when you're
consuming information to get as many
different viewpoints as you can from as
many different sources as you can and
try to find the the pieces that all
match that's how you find truth that's
how you find truth okay so now we're on
to the last call let's see when are you
going why I should have done this as a
live stream I didn't know we're gonna be
this many questions is it okay to out an
anti backs anti-mask protester in your
town who interacts with the public like
real estate agents asking for a friend
generally when you're asking somebody if
it's okay what you're asking if we're is
moral and ethical advice when you're
talking about something like this you
know more information than anybody else
and you have to decide whether or not it
aligns with your morals and your ethics
if these people are posing a danger to
society it might be important for people
to know I mean if this is somebody who
would try to ride it out and knowingly
go around while while it infected yeah I
mean that would be something you you
should probably disclose however if it's
somebody that all they do is go you know
leave their house and go open a door or
even just fax out information they may
not even be showing houses right now
they may just be using the lock box
things and maybe not there there's
there's a lot of details here that I
don't know but it's something you would
have to decide on your own fairy farmers
dairy farmers are dumping millions of
gallons hogs and chickens buying buried
cattle next crops riding in the field
from restaurant closures all at the same
time the purchasers are being
and if consumers don't see do you seek
out producers it will not sort itself
out yeah I mean there's not a question
there but yeah yeah I mean they're there
they're going to be long lasting impacts
especially from in the agricultural
sector your hope meter what level is it
it's always full it's always full I do
agree that hope is a dangerous thing and
I think everybody should remain
dangerous stay full of hope so sometimes
it's the only thing you got how do you
instill promote your political values
into your children I expose my children
to my political views I also expose them
to other ones
I hope my idea is that if my views are
right and my children are exposed to a
wide variety of views they'll probably
come to mind I don't try to create
little ideological footsoldiers
I think that by the way I live and them
seeing what I do I take them with me
when I go do my act of this stuff I
think they'll see that that's that is
the best way but I would not be upset if
they came to a different conclusion
because it would mean at the very least
I taught them to think for themselves
please give people a heads up to start
growing their own food buying wholesale
buying direct from farmers lots of food
available the major disruptions to
supply chains yeah that that's a huge
part of this channel by even under
normal circumstances I say grow your is
this the end of the world as we know it
yeah but so was yesterday and the day
before the world is constantly changing
and we shouldn't want it to be static we
should want it's change or your parents
political not like I am let's see what's
up with the shovel what's the odds of an
NCAA football list of all I have no idea
your favorite movie book rock band here
in Hamburg I don't even know hamburger
joint I can answer it's called tops in
Niceville Florida is it true many of
these early to open states like Georgia
and Florida are partly doing it to avoid
unemployment payments maybe maybe that's
a possibility where are all the black
male psychologists I don't know I don't
know okay so that was all the questions
sorry it's in so many parts I didn't
know was gonna turn out like this
but we're gonna do something similar for
patreon that was a question that was in
my email box do I answer my messages on
patreon I do but I get a whole lot from
all the different social media it takes
time we're gonna do another one and we
will do that live stream so it doesn't
end up being broken up like this anyway
so it's just a thought y'all have cut
nigh